Clarify doc on absolute path imports (#1597)
capnproto/capnproto: doc/language.md

The above imports specify relative paths.  If the path begins with a `/`, it is absolute -- in
this case, the `capnp` tool searches for the file in each of the search path directories specified

> with `-I`, where `/` means the root of each import path. So an import statement like this 
> `import /c/d.capnp` would match a file in `/a/b/c/d.capnp` if the search path directory was 
> specified as `/a/b`

Reviewer: Thanks, but let's write it like this:

```suggestion
with `-I`, appending the path you specify to the path given to the `-I` flag. So, for example,
if you ran `capnp` with `-Ifoo/bar`, and the import statement is `import "/baz/qux.capnp"`, then
the compiler would open the file `foo/bar/baz/qux.capnp`.
```
